A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that the balances are correct. -from "Manual of Muad'Dib" by the Princess Irulan 
It is shocking to find how many people do not believe they can learn, and how many more believe learning to be difficult. -from "The Humanity of Muad'Dib" by the Princess Irulan 
There is no escape, we pay for the violence of our ancestors. -from "The Collected Sayings of Muad'Dib" by the Princess Irulan 
There should be a science of discontent. People need hard times and oppression to develop psychic muscles. -from "Collected Sayings of Muad'Dib" by the Princess Irulan 
What do you despise? By this are you truly known. -from "Manual of Muad'Dib" by the Princess Irulan 
God created Arrakis to train the faithful. -from "The Wisdom of Muad'Dib" by the Princess Irulan 
The concept of progress acts as a protective mechanism to shield us from the terrors of the future. -from "Collected Sayings of Muad'Dib" by the Princess Irulan 
Deep in the human unconscious is a pervasive need for a logical universe that makes sense. But the real universe is always one step beyond logic. -from "The Sayings of Muad'Dib" by the Princess Irulan 
How often it is that the angry man rages denial of what his inner self is telling him. -from "The Collected Sayings of Muad'Dib" by the Princess Irulan 
The mystery of life isn't a problem to solve but a reality to experience -Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam 
Speed comes from Shaitan -Fremen saying
Kindness is the beginning of cruelty -from "The Sayings of Muad'Dib" by the Princess Irulan 
Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and has powers of reality. -O.C. Bible, 22 Kalima
Religion must remain an outlet for people who say to themselves, 'I am not the kind of person I want to be.' It must never sink into an assemblage of the self satisfied. -Toure Bomoko of the Commission of Ecumenical Translators
Knowledge without action is empty -from The Commentaries on the O.C. Bible
Man may not be replaced -from the Butlerian Jihad
Thou shat not make a machine to counterfeit a human mind -Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam
A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it. -The First Law of Mentat
